Here we have two variables, first and last, let's say we want
to print my full name on the console. So we can define
another variable, full, set it to first,
then concatenate it with a space
one more time concatenate it with class. Now,
when we print full. We get my
full name on the console. Now this appraoch
I'm using concatenation, to use a string is okay but
there is a better and newer approach. We can use formatter strings.
So here we can set full to this string.
And prefix it with an f which can be lowercase
or uppercase. This formatted string doesn't have the
constant value like these two strings here, it's
actually an expression that will be evaluated at  runtime. So
here we want to add our first name, we use curly braces
to print the value of the first variable.
After that we add a space and then we add
curly braces one more time to print the last
so at runtime this expression has to be evaluated
what we have in between curly braces will be
replaced at runtime. Now, let's run this program one more time
we get the exact same result, just be aware
that you can put any value expressions in between
curly braces. So earlier you learned about the built in
function, you can call len here and get the
length of this string, lets run this program one more time,
so we get 4, we can also replace
last with an expression like this. Two plus two. Let's run
this program, we get 4 and 4. So,
when using formatted strings, you can put any valid expressions
in between curly braces.